{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Week 2 HW notes: \
S= \uc0\u65279 \{NNNNDD,NNNDND,NNDNND,NDNNND,DNNNND,\
NNNDDN,NNDNDN,NDNNDN,DNNNDN,NNDDNN,\
NDNDNN,DNNDNN,NDDNNN,DNDNNN,DDNNNN\}.\
Also you forgot to calculate the probability \uc0\u65279 that both of the chips\u65279 \u65279  are defective.\u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \
Also, for problem 2: The probability that a student guesses K answers correctly = (6CK) * (1/4)^K * (3/4)^6-K...\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 So the probability that the student passes the quiz = the summation from K= 3 to 6 of \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 (6CK) * (1/4)^K * (3/4)^6-K.\u65279 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WEEK 3 HW NOTES: \
Excellent Israel!\'a0you got the variance in problem 3\'a0wrong/\'a0incomplete...Find attached for the right answer...Thanks!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WEEK 4: \
You got problem 1 wrong...You have to use geometric distribution..mu = 1/p =1/0.9\'a0=1.11 (1-2\'a0users)..In addition,\'a0you got problems 3 and 4\'a0wrong/incomplete...\'a0see attached\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WEEK 5. \
Excellent Israel\uc0\u65279 ! You just got problem 3b partially wrong...Here, \u65279 we are looking for the value at which P(Z < z) = 0.05. This is because we don\'92t want the purity value of the z number to exceed 5% of the population (i.e. 5% of the population is to its left). This value occurs at z = -1.645 not z= +1.645...Thanks!\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WEEK 6: \
Excellent Israel\uc0\u65279 !\'a0but you got problem\'a01b \u65279 partially correct.\'a0Any measurement whose real value is\'a0172.45\'a0or above will be included as greater than or equal to\'a0172.5.\'a0Any measurement that is measured as less than\'a0175.85,\'a0will be included as\'a0\u65279 less than\'a0175.8.\'a0\u65279 \u65279 This is because the measurements are measured to the nearest tenth of a\'a0\u65279 centimeter.\u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 \u65279 ..see attached..\
\
WEEK 7: \
\
Excellent Israel!\'a0just a minor mistake in problem 2, the number of sample should be 68 not 67..see attached...Thanks!}